c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\WcfServiceFizzBuzz.dll.config
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\WcfServiceFizzBuzz.dll
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\WcfServiceFizzBuzz.pdb
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\FizzBuzzServiceLibrary.dll
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\FizzBuzzServiceLibrary.pdb
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\FizzBuzzServiceLibrary.dll.config
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\obj\Debug\WcfServiceFizzBuzz.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\obj\Debug\WcfServiceFizzBuzz.dll
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\obj\Debug\WcfServiceFizzBuzz.pdb
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\ogs10_000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\nunit.engine.dll
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\nunit-agent-x86.exe
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\nunit-agent.exe
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\nunit-agent.exe.config
C:\Users\ogs10_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FizzBuzzProject\WcfServiceFizzBuzz\bin\nunit-agent-x86.exe.config
